README.md, before:

## Hi there 👋

Welcome to my GitHub repository, and thanks for stopping by!

### A Bit About Me
- 🎓 I'm a graduate student pursuing Master of Science in Information Systems at Northeastern University, Toronto.
- 🔭 I'm currently exploring fields of data science and software development.
- 🕵️‍♂️ I enjoy unravelling the stories that lie behind a sea of data.
- 🎸 I love playing acoustic guitar in my leisure time.
- 💡 Checkout my [Portfolio Website](https://rishabhkaushick.vercel.app/) built using NextJS, Tailwind CSS, Contentlayer and deployed on Vercel.
- 🏁 Passionate about applying data and software engineering expertise to make a meaningful difference in the transportation, medical, finance, or tech sectors!

### Projects I'm Working On
- [City Traffic Forecasting - Using Statistical, Machine Learning & Deep Learning Modelling](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/traffic-forecasting)
- [Web Analytics for City of Toronto's Open Data Portal](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/open-data-web-analytics)
- [Apple Stock Forecasting using Machine Learning & Deep Learning](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/stock-forecasting-ml-dl/tree/simpler_models)

### Challenges I'm Working On
- [Daily LeetCode75 Challenge](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/dsa/)

### Checkout My Streak!
(Excluding weekends because everyone deserves a break)

[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=rkaushick-neu&theme=dark&hide_border=true&exclude_days=Sun%2CSat)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

📬 Want to collaborate? Reach out to me:
- 📧 [Email](mailto:rishabh.kaushick@gmail.com)
- 🖇️[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rishabh-kaushick/)

<!--
**rkaushick-neu/rkaushick-neu** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Updated README.md changing projects and adding learning

README.md, after:

## Hi there 👋

Welcome to my GitHub repository, and thanks for stopping by!

### A Bit About Me
- 👨🏽‍💻 4 years of Software Development experience with a Master of Science in Information Systems at Northeastern University, Toronto.
- 🔭 I'm currently working with Generative AI, Agents, AI Automation Workflows on the cloud.
- 🏁 Passionate about applying AI and software engineering expertise to build meaningful solutions that make a difference!
- 🎸 I like to unwind with my acoustic guitar in my leisure time.
- 💡 Checkout my [Portfolio Website](https://rishabhkaushick.vercel.app/) built using NextJS, Tailwind CSS, Contentlayer and deployed on Vercel.

### I'm Working On ...
- [LLMs for Matching Messy Transactions to Merchants](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/fuzzy_match_llms)
- [Web Analytics for City of Toronto's Open Data Portal](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/open-data-web-analytics)
- [Vibe Cooking: Meal Planner Agent!](https://github.com/gtshinde/vAIbe_cooking)
- [City Traffic Forecasting - Using Statistical, Machine Learning & Deep Learning Modelling](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/traffic-forecasting)
- [Daily LeetCode](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/dsa/)

### I'm Learning ...
- 🚧 [Claude with Amazon AWS Bedrock by Anthropic](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/claude-aws-bedrock) (in progress): Learning about Prompt Evaluations, Prompt Engineering, Tool Use, RAG, MCP & Agents - all in one course!
- ☑️ Introduction to Model Context Protocol (MCP) by Anthropic: Learnt about MCP Servers & Clients, defining tools, resources & prompts in Python.
- ☑️ [Project: Building Ambient Agents with LangGraph by LangChain](https://github.com/rkaushick-neu/agents-from-scratch)

### Checkout My Streak!
(Excluding weekends because everyone deserves a break)

[![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=rkaushick-neu&theme=dark&hide_border=true&exclude_days=Sun%2CSat)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

📬 Want to collaborate or hire me? Please reach out:
- 📧 [Email](mailto:rishabh.kaushick@gmail.com)
- 🖇️[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rishabh-kaushick/)

<!--
**rkaushick-neu/rkaushick-neu** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
